c:\users\cbdl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\socket\socket\bin\Debug\socket.exe.config
c:\users\cbdl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\socket\socket\bin\Debug\socket.exe
c:\users\cbdl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\socket\socket\bin\Debug\socket.pdb
c:\users\cbdl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\socket\socket\bin\Debug\socket.xml
c:\users\cbdl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\socket\socket\obj\Debug\socket.Form1.resources
c:\users\cbdl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\socket\socket\obj\Debug\socket.Resources.resources
c:\users\cbdl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\socket\socket\obj\Debug\socket.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cbdl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\socket\socket\obj\Debug\socket.exe
c:\users\cbdl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\socket\socket\obj\Debug\socket.xml
c:\users\cbdl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\socket\socket\obj\Debug\socket.pdb
C:\Users\CBDL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Server\socket\bin\Debug\socket.exe.config
C:\Users\CBDL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.exe
C:\Users\CBDL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.xml
C:\Users\CBDL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.pdb
C:\Users\CBDL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Server\socket\bin\Debug\socket.exe
C:\Users\CBDL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Server\socket\bin\Debug\socket.pdb
C:\Users\CBDL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Server\socket\bin\Debug\socket.xml
C:\Users\CBDL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.Form1.resources
C:\Users\CBDL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.Resources.resources
C:\Users\CBDL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\CBDL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Shubham\Documents\Projects\Server\socket\bin\Debug\socket.exe.config
C:\Users\Shubham\Documents\Projects\Server\socket\bin\Debug\socket.exe
C:\Users\Shubham\Documents\Projects\Server\socket\bin\Debug\socket.pdb
C:\Users\Shubham\Documents\Projects\Server\socket\bin\Debug\socket.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Documents\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Shubham\Documents\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Shubham\Documents\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Shubham\Documents\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Shubham\Documents\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.exe
C:\Users\Shubham\Documents\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Documents\Projects\Server\socket\obj\Debug\socket.pdb
